Change default value of `action.destructive_requires_name` to True. (#66908)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/open-close.asciidoc

> All indices can be opened or closed at once using `_all` as the index name
> or specifying patterns that identify them all (e.g. `*`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> By default, you must explicitly name the indices you are adding blocks to.
> To allow the adding of blocks to indices with `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
> expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you must explicitly name the indices you are opening or closing.
To open or close indices with `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.
```

+

> To target all data streams and indices, use `_all` or `*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

+

> By default, you must explicitly name the indices you are adding blocks to.
> To allow the adding of blocks to indices with `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
> expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you must explicitly name the indices you using to limit the request.
To limit a request using `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.
```
